:dad:Damn, you got some pretty tight bars! Great work!
:bf:Beep bop!
:bf:...
:bf:Ska beep boop bo?
:dad:Huh?
:gf:Hey..! Now that you mentioned it, my copy of Hating Simulator went missing when I came to retrieve it from outside.
:gf:All I remember is that I threw away by mistake out of fear last night and went to sleep afterwards.
:gf:When I woke up, I went to find it since I made a mistake of throwing it away.
:gf:Next thing I know, it was gone. I don't think the garbage truck came yet so...
:dad:Wait, you mean that game I found in the garbage was yours?
:gf:Yeah.
:dad:So that explains it.
:dad:Actually, I was playing some of it a bit ago while I was waiting for you guys.
:gf:What?!
:dad:There was only one free slot left so I used that. It was my first time playing the game so I didn't know what I was getting into.
:gf:I wanted to retrieve it for a reason!
:dad:What do you mean by that? Is there something w-
w:dad:wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
w:dad:wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
killCircle:gf:Damn it! We're too late...
:bf:Beep! Ska Bop!? Beeep!?
dshutter:dad:*Static noises*
:bf:.....
:gf:.....
:blank:.....
:spirit:Finally... A body I can control...
:spirit:Oh... It's you two...
:spirit:Why are you worms here?
:bf:B-bep!..
:gf:I regret throwing that damn disc away.
:spirit:Excuse me YOU THREW ME AWAY?!
:gf:Me and my big mouth...
:bf:Beep ba bop!
:spirit:I was gonna just leave and hunt your dad, but now that I know that you threw me away like dead rose?
:spirit:You're no different from your father after all...
:spirit:Hope you're prepared because this is gonna be your last moments here.
:shut:*Static noises*
dsad:dad:Please... Help me... It hurts...
:shut:*Static noises*
:spirit:Shut the fuck up you dollar store megaman maverick.
:spirit:You look like someone pissed on Magma Dragoon.
:gf:What are you doing to Draco?!
:spirit:That's none of your business!
:gf:...
:bf:...
:spirit:Can we start already?
:bf:beep...
:gf:Hold on tight Draco. We'll get him out of you...
dsad:dad:*crys* why...